---
templateKey: blog-post
title: Learning React Native
date: 2019-10-23T00:05:10.000Z
description: React Native fundamental elements.
thumbnail: '/static/img/LearningReactNative.png'

tags:
  - react native
  - learning programming
  - javascript
---

Today I have an answer to a question I got asked a lot of in [my instagram](https://www.instagram.com/selfmadedeveloper/) DM's

## **How to learn React Native?**

First and foremost, I started learning this framework 2+ years ago. It looked and worked a little bit different than today. Also a lot of material i used for learning it has gotten old. Nowadays, I'm learning a new part of the framework whenever I need it in the apl I'm building.
Most of the times I'm using awesome official React Native document for it.

In a [introduction post](https://selfmadedev.com/blog/2018-07/2018-07-01-hello-world/) I opened this blog last year.
i wrote last year. I recommend a few great sources for learning JavaScript and React framework. Those are necessary prerequisites to start learning and using React Native.

Now, there's a ton of great knowledge available to learn React Native. I myself try to contribute to sharing this knowledge by writing Instagram posts and articles for blog.

There are a few fundamental elements of React Native, that you have to familiarize yourself with and this is a short list of which I'm going to expand on more in the future.

1. Fundamental JavaScript & CSS knowledge
2. React (definately with learning about hooks) & JSX syntax.
3. Terminal knowledge to install necessary dependencies.
4. Tooling for both Android & iOS development: Expo for beginners and after diving deeper Android Studio & Xcode
5. React Native elements & most commonly used APIs.

Every of this subject is a very broad section. There are tons of great resources online for learning them
I myself will try to focus on providing you the most valuable and practical knowledge on 5 and 4 in the upcoming posts.\*\*\*\*

Stay tuned!
